_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Remove unwanted features Update about

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Fair and Responsible Algorithms for Complex-Systems, Therapeutics, Astrophysics and Life-Sciences

#profile:
#  align: right
#  image: prof_pic.jpg
#  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
#  more_info: >
#    <p>555 your office number</p>
#    <p>123 your address street</p>
#    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

The **FRACTALS Research Group** is a powerhouse of interdisciplinary innovation, bridging the gap between the vastness of the cosmos and the microscopic precision of life-saving medicine. Born from a strategic alliance between **Ca' Foscari University of Venice**, the **University of Milano-Bicocca**, and the **University of Bergamo**, we harness **High-Performance Computing (HPC)** to solve the world's most daunting computational challenges.

#### **Beyond the Black Box**
We don’t just build models; we build **trust**. In a world of opaque AI, FRACTALS stands for **Fair and Responsible Algorithms**. We believe that a scientific discovery is only as good as its transparency. Whether we are mapping the stars or engineering a new molecule, we are guided by a single principle: *Complexity requires Responsibility.*

#### **Where Physics Meets Life**
Our research is the thread that connects seemingly distant worlds:
* **Astrophysics:** Decoding the silent language of **Cosmic Rays** to turn chaotic high-energy data into physical insights.
* **Therapeutics & Medicine:** Disrupting traditional **Drug Discovery** and clinical diagnostics using interpretable AI to find cures faster and safer.
* **Complex Biological Systems:** Mastering the non-linear dynamics that govern our universe, from cellular networks to stellar clusters.

#### **A Triple-Core Academic Hub**
FRACTALS is a collaborative ecosystem uniting the expertise of **Venice, Milan, and Bergamo**. We have created a unique research corridor in Italy, supported by a global network of elite international collaborations. By pioneering **Fairness by Design**, we ensure that the future of science and medicine is equitable, transparent, and powered by **HPC at Scale**.

> "FRACTALS is where the power of supercomputing meets the rigor of human ethics. We are decoding the future, one interpretable algorithm at a time."
