_pages/collaborators.md, before:

---
layout: collaborators
title: collaborators
permalink: /collaborators/
nav: true
nav_order: 5

collaborators:
  - name: "Stanford University"
    people:
      - name: "Prof. Jane Doe"
        role: "AI & Bio-Ethics"
        image: assets/img/bio_pics/external_1.jpg
        linkedin: janedoe
        scholar: https://scholar.google.com/
      - name: "Dr. Richard Roe"
        role: "Quantum Systems"
        linkedin: richardroe

  - name: "CERN"
    people:
      - name: "Dr. John Smith"
        role: "Astro-informatics"
        email: smith@cern.ch
        image: assets/img/bio_pics/external_2.jpg
---

We are proud to collaborate with world-class researchers across multiple international institutions. 
<!-- PAGE UNDER CONSTRUCTION -->
<div style="text-align: center; margin-top: 50px;">
    <h2 style="font-weight: 800; color: var(--global-text-color);">Page Under Construction</h2>
    <p style="font-size: 1.2rem; color: var(--global-text-color); opacity: 0.7;">We're working hard to bring you the latest updates on our collaborators. Stay tuned!</p>
</div>

Commit message:

Update configuration and content for FRACTALS Research Group website
- Disabled search functionality and related blog posts in the configuration.
- Added new special session announcements for WCCI 2026 and IEEE CIBCB 2026.
- Removed outdated announcements from the news section.
- Updated the "About" page title and content for clarity and emphasis.
- Enhanced the "Collaborators" page with a new description.
- Created new pages for various research projects including Complex Systems, Digital Health, HPC, Interpretable AI, and Medical Imaging.
- Revamped the "Contact Us" page layout for improved presentation.
- Updated the "News" page to feature a timeline format for announcements.
- Improved the "Projects" page with a grid layout for better visibility of research areas.
- Standardized titles across various pages for consistency.
- Added university logos for partner institutions.

_pages/collaborators.md, after:

---
layout: collaborators
title: Collaborators
permalink: /collaborators/
description: Explore our network of esteemed collaborators and partner institutions that drive innovation and excellence in research at the Fractals Research Group.
nav: true
nav_order: 5

collaborators:
  - name: "Stanford University"
    people:
      - name: "Prof. Jane Doe"
        role: "AI & Bio-Ethics"
        image: assets/img/bio_pics/external_1.jpg
        linkedin: janedoe
        scholar: https://scholar.google.com/
      - name: "Dr. Richard Roe"
        role: "Quantum Systems"
        linkedin: richardroe

  - name: "CERN"
    people:
      - name: "Dr. John Smith"
        role: "Astro-informatics"
        email: smith@cern.ch
        image: assets/img/bio_pics/external_2.jpg
---

We are proud to collaborate with world-class researchers across multiple international institutions. 
<!-- PAGE UNDER CONSTRUCTION -->
<div style="text-align: center; margin-top: 50px;">
    <h2 style="font-weight: 800; color: var(--global-text-color);">Page Under Construction</h2>
    <p style="font-size: 1.2rem; color: var(--global-text-color); opacity: 0.7;">We're working hard to bring you the latest updates on our collaborators. Stay tuned!</p>
</div>
