<div style='text-align: justify;'>

<h4><b>Daniela Besozzi</b></h4>
<h6><i>Associate Professor @ University of Milano-Bicocca</i></h6>
Daniela Besozzi is Associate Professor at the Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication at the University of Milano-Bicocca, Italy, where she is also affiliated with the interdepartmental research centres “Bicocca Bioinformatics Biostatistics and Bioimaging Centre – B4” and “Bicocca Research Centre in Health Services – BReCHS”.

Her research is mainly focused on the mathematical modelling of complex biological systems – with a special interest in the cellular processes that lead to the onset and progression of multifactorial diseases – and the development of bioinformatics and artificial intelligence methods in medical disciplines, ranging from oncology to digital pathology. Her work contributed, among the others, to the identification of therapeutic targets in cancer cells and the screening for combination cancer therapies by means of fuzzy logic modelling and multi-objective optimization algorithms; the generation of a novel protocol to study cell proliferation in human acute myeloid leukemia xenografts by means of stochastic modelling and swarm intelligence meta-heuristics; and the development of a deep learning-based method for the morphometric characterization and multiclass segmentation of nuclei in thyroid lesions.

Daniela is co-author of more than 100 peer-reviewed works published in international journals, conference proceedings, and book chapters. She is co-inventor of a patented and CE-marked method to automatically predict the optimal patient-specific inversion time for late gadolinium enhancement imaging in cardiac magnetic resonance. She serves as associate editor for Frontiers in Systems Biology, section on Multiscale Mechanistic Modeling, and she is member of the IEEE CIS Task Force on “Advanced representation in biological and medical search and optimization”.

Daniela is an active member of the working group on gender equality at the University of Milano-Bicocca and contributed to editing the Gender Equality Plan (GEP). She is co-promoter of a pilot project to incentivize the enrolment of female students in STEM disciplines, and she regularly contributes to the organization of events related to the dissemination of knowledge, curiosity and passion about science and literature to the broader society. She has two cats.
</div>